c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe.config
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Form1.resources
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
c:\users\pc16lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Usuario.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe.config
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Guna.UI.dll
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Usuario.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe.config
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Form1.resources
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Usuario.resources
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Resources.resources
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\INFORMATICA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Administrador.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Administrador.resources
C:\Users\Julian\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Registros.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe.config
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.exe
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.pdb
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\bin\Debug\Login_Usuarios.xml
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Form1.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Administrador.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Registros.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.frm_Usuario.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.Resources.resources
C:\Users\PC16LAB4\Desktop\Login_Usuarios\Login_Usuarios\obj\Debug\Login_Usuarios.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
